key-pair oauth authenticators support (#263)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-net: README.md

-------------------

To connect to Snowflake, specify a valid connection string composed of key-value pairs separated by semicolons, 
i.e "\<key1\>=\<value1\>;\<key2\>=\<value2\>...".

> To include an equal sign (=) in a keyword or value, it must be preceded by another equal sign. For example, in the hypothetical connection string "key==word=value" : the keyword is "key=word" and the value is "value".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If the keyword or value contains an equal sign (=), you must precede the equal sign with another equal sign. For example, if the keyword is "key" and the value is "value_part1=value_part2", use "key=value_part1==value_part2".
```

Author: All good suggestions! I'm committing them all.

The following table lists all valid connection properties:
<br />

| Connection Property       | Required | Comment                                                                       |
|---------------------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ACCOUNT                   | Yes      | Account should not include region or clound provider information. i.e. account should be XXX instead of XXX.us-east-1.|
| DB                        | No       |                                                                               |
| HOST                      | No       | If no value specified, driver will use \<ACCOUNT\>.snowflakecomputing.com. However, if you are not in us-west deployment, or you want to use global url, HOST is required, i.e. XXX.us-east-1.snowflakecomputing.com, or XXX-jkabfvdjisoa778wqfgeruishafeuw89q.global.snowflakecomputing.com|

> | PASSWORD                  | Depends  | Required for snowflake(default) and native sso okta authentication methods. Ignored for all the other authentication types.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PASSWORD                  | Depends  | Required if AUTHENTICATOR is set to snowflake (the default value) or the URL for native SSO through Okta. Ignored for all the other authentication types.|
```

| ROLE                      | No       |                                                                               |
| SCHEMA                    | No       |                                                                               |
| USER                      | Yes      | For native sso okta and externalbrowser, this should be the login name for your idp.     |
| WAREHOUSE                 | No       |                                                                               |
| CONNECTION_TIMEOUT        | No       | Total timeout in seconds when connecting to Snowflake. Default to 120 seconds |

> | AUTHENTICATOR             | No       | The method of authentication. Currently supports the following values: <br /> - snowflake (default): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [the URL for native SSO through Okta](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#native-sso-okta-only): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [externalbrowser](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#browser-based-sso): You must also set USER. <br /> - [snowflake_jwt](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth.html): You must also set PRIVATE_KEY_FILE or PRIVATE_KEY. <br / > - [oauth](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth.html): You must also set TOKEN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AUTHENTICATOR             | No       | The method of authentication. Currently supports the following values: <br /> - snowflake (default): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [the URL for native SSO through Okta](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#native-sso-okta-only): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [externalbrowser](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#browser-based-sso): You must also set USER. <br /> - [snowflake_jwt](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth.html): You must also set PRIVATE_KEY_FILE or PRIVATE_KEY. <br /> - [oauth](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth.html): You must also set TOKEN.
```
```suggestion
| AUTHENTICATOR             | No       | The method of authentication. Currently supports the following values: <br /> - snowflake (default): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [the URL for native SSO through Okta](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#native-sso-okta-only): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [externalbrowser](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#browser-based-sso): You must also set USER. <br /> - [snowflake_jwt](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth.html): You must also set PRIVATE_KEY_FILE or PRIVATE_KEY. <br / > - [oauth](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth.html): You must also set TOKEN.
```

> | AUTHENTICATOR             | No       | The method of authentication. Currently supports snowflake(default), [native SSO okta](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#native-sso-okta-only), [externalbrowser](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#browser-based-sso), [snowflake_jwt](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth.html) and [oauth](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth.html)<br />- When using *snowflake*: USER and PASSWORD are required.<br />- When using *externalbrowser*: USER is required.<br /> - When using *snowflake_jwt*: PRIVATE_KEY_FILE or PRIVATE_KEY are required. <br />- When using *oauth*: TOKEN is required. <br />- When using *native sso okta*: USER and PASSWORD are required. |

Reviewer: This might be easier to read if the information on each supported method were in one place. e.g. 

```suggestion
| AUTHENTICATOR             | No       | The method of authentication. Currently supports the following values: <br /> - snowflake (default): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [the URL for native SSO through Okta](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#native-sso-okta-only): You must also set USER and PASSWORD. <br /> - [externalbrowser](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-use.html#browser-based-sso): You must also set USER. <br /> - [snowflake_jwt](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/key-pair-auth.html): You must also set PRIVATE_KEY_FILE or PRIVATE_KEY. <br / > - [oauth](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth.html): You must also set TOKEN.
```

|VALIDATE_DEFAULT_PARAMETERS| No       | Whether DB, SCHEMA and WAREHOUSE should be verified when making connection. Default to be true. |
|PRIVATE_KEY_FILE           |Depends   |The path to the private key file to use for key-pair authentication. Must be used in combination with AUTHENTICATOR=snowflake_jwt|

> |PRIVATE_KEY_PWD            |No        |The passphrase to use for decrypting the private key if the key is crypted.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PRIVATE_KEY_PWD            |No        |The passphrase to use for decrypting the private key, if the key is encrypted.|
```

> |PRIVATE_KEY                |Depends   |The private key to use for key-pair authentication. Must be used in combination with AUTHENTICATOR=snowflake_jwt. Don't forget to double all equal signs in the private key value to ensure that the connection string is parsed correctly.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PRIVATE_KEY                |Depends   |The private key to use for key-pair authentication. Must be used in combination with AUTHENTICATOR=snowflake_jwt. <br /> If the private key value includes any equal signs (=), make sure to replace each equal sign with two signs (==) to ensure that the connection string is parsed correctly.|
```
